fix(doc) remove x 86 description (#20594)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: DEV_SETUP.md

- [pyenv][] to install and manage Python
- [uv][] to manage Python dependencies for all Python projects

> The setup below is compatible with both Intel and ARM (e.g. M1-M4) machines. It assumes you are using the system default shell of `zsh`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The setup below is compatible with both Intel and ARM (Apple silicon M-series) machines. It assumes you are using the system default shell of `zsh`.
```
maybe?
